[FEATURE] Add JavaScript EventAPI (#1047)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/JavaScript/EventApi/Index.rst

Release an event
----------------

Since each event is an object instance, it's sufficient to call :js:`release()` to
detach the event listener.

Example:

.. code-block:: js

   require(['TYPO3/CMS/Core/Event/RegularEvent'], function (RegularEvent) {
     const clickEvent = new RegularEvent('click', function (e) {
       // Do something
     }).delegateTo(document, 'a[data-action="toggle"]');

     // Do more stuff

     clickEvent.release();
   });

Event Strategies
================

The Event API brings several strategies to handle event listeners:

RegularEvent
------------

The :js:`RegularEvent` attaches a simple event listener to an event and element
and has no further tweaks. This is the common use-case for event handling.

Arguments:

* :js:`eventName` (string) - the event to listen on
* :js:`callback` (function) - the event listener

Example:

.. code-block:: js

   require(['TYPO3/CMS/Core/Event/RegularEvent'], function (RegularEvent) {
     new RegularEvent('click', function (e) {
       e.preventDefault();
       window.location.reload();
     }).bindTo(document.querySelector('#my-element'));
   });

DebounceEvent
-------------

> The :js:`DebounceEvent` is most suitable if an event is triggered rather often
> but executing the event listener may called only once after a certain wait time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :js:`DebounceEvent` is most suitable if an event is triggered quite often
but executing the event listener is called only after a certain wait time.
```
My suggestion here might be wrong.
